docs(python): pytest-xdist reference (#16231)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-runners-python.md

- `browser_type_launch_args`: Override launch arguments for [`method: BrowserType.launch`]. It should return a Dict.
- `browser_context_args`: Override the options for [`method: Browser.newContext`]. It should return a Dict.

> ## Parallelism: Running Multiple Tests at Once

Author: In the future, we can improve even more by running multiple tests/contexts at once within a worker like we do in official Test Runner, but this at least improves runtime for machines that have multiple CPUs and are currently just doing everything serially.

If your tests are running on a machine with a lot of CPUs, you can speed up the overall execution time of your test suite by using [`pytest-xdist`](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-xdist/) to run multiple tests at once:

```bash
# install dependency
pip install pytest-xdist
# use the --numprocesses flag
pytest --numprocesses=auto
```

Depending on the hardware and nature of your tests, you can set `numprocesses` to be anywhere from `2` to the number of CPUs on the machine. If set too high, you may notice random flakes in your tests.

> 

Reviewer: lets maybe add a link to it inside the "running-tests-py.md"?

Author: added

- `browser_type_launch_args`: Override launch arguments for [`method: BrowserType.launch`]. It should return a Dict.
- `browser_context_args`: Override the options for [`method: Browser.newContext`]. It should return a Dict.

## Parallelism: Running Multiple Tests at Once

If your tests are running on a machine with a lot of CPUs, you can speed up the overall execution time of your test suite by using [`pytest-xdist`](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-xdist/) to run multiple tests at once:

```bash
# install dependency
pip install pytest-xdist
# use the --numprocesses flag
pytest --numprocesses auto
```

> Depending on the hardware and nature of your tests, you can set `numprocesses` to be anywhere from `2` to the number of CPUs on the machine. If set too high, you may notice random flakes in your tests.

Reviewer: why does it get flaky when its too high?

Author: Same thing in the JS Test Runner world. We usually have 1 browser per worker, and if you run 50 browsers and only have 2 CPUs, the computer will melt! :)

> Depending on the hardware and nature of your tests, you can set `numprocesses` to be anywhere from `2` to the number of CPUs on the machine. If set too high, you may notice random flakes in your tests.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on the hardware and nature of your tests, you can set `numprocesses` to be anywhere from `2` to the number of CPUs on the machine. If set too high, you may notice unexpected behavior.
```
